# Heroku Try Django Website

An utterly fantastic project template for Django 1.9.

## Features

- Production-ready configuration for Static Files, Database Settings, Gunicorn, etc.
- Enhancements to Django's static file serving functionality via WhiteNoise
- User login page
- User Sign Up page
- Contact Us page

## Requirments

dj-database-url - 0.4.0

Django - 1.9.2

gunicorn - 19.4.5

psycopg2 - 2.6.1

whitenoise - 2.0.6

django-crispy-forms - 1.6.0

django-registration-redux - 1.3

python-3.5.1

## How to Use

This tutorial will have you deploying the Try Django in minutes.

Hang on for a few more minutes to learn how it all works, so you can make the most out of Heroku.

The tutorial assumes that you have:
a free Heroku account.

Python installed locally - see the installation guides for OS X, Windows, and Linux.

Setuptools and Pip installed locally. See the Python install guides above for installation instructions.

Virtualenv installed locally. Accomplish this by running pip install virtualenv.

Postgres installed locally, if running the app locally.

## Setup

https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python#set-up

## Prepare the app

In this step, you will prepare a simple application that can be deployed.

Execute the following commands to clone the sample application:

$ git clone https://github.com/arshinator/trydjango-heroku.git
$ cd trydjango-heroku

You now have a functioning git repository that contains a simple application as well as a requirements.txt file, which is used by Python’s dependency manager, Pip.

## Deploy the app

In this step you will deploy the app to Heroku.
Create an app on Heroku, which prepares Heroku to receive your source code:

$ heroku create



$ git push heroku master


The application is now deployed. Ensure that at least one instance of the app is running:

$ heroku ps:scale web=1

Now visit the app at the URL generated by its app name. As a handy shortcut, you can open the website as follows:

$ heroku open
